hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 film The Hunger Games
Mockingjay part 2 the fourth and final
film in The Hunger Games series so let's
get started
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous films if you'd
like to see a summary please check out
the links below the film picks up right
where the previous film ended with
Katniss recovering after being attacked
by the brainwashed Peeta the rebels
fight in district 2 disabling their
weapons while trying to rally the troops
against the Capitol Katniss is shot and
injured at first the injured Katniss is
told she cannot battle but she sneaks on
to a supply ship anyway Katniss is
assigned to a group including Gale
Finnick a film crew and a variety of
other soldiers the goal is for the group
to stay behind the main wave of troops
and film propaganda footage to rally
even more troops the leader of the group
Boggs carries a holographic map called
the hollow which is supposed to help
them avoid various booby traps known as
pods which are littered throughout the
capital Peeta is sent to join the squad
even though he has not fully recovered
from his brainwashing as the group
travels into the capital the trigger
various pods and several of the group
members are killed including its leader
balls before he dies
Boggs gives Katniss the holo in hopes
that you will be able to avoid the
majority of the remaining pods
Katniss convinces the surviving members
that she is on a secret mission to kill
snow and they continue to push into the
Capitol while being attacked by more
pods and the Capitals peacekeepers and
more of the group continues to die at
one point the Capitol believes that they
are successful in killing Kevin
which they announced publicly and
president coin delivers a eulogy in
order to rally the rebels Katniss's
group travels into the sewers in hopes
of avoiding some of the pods but they
are attacked by genetically engineered
creatures some of the members of their
group are killed including Finnick one
of the previous hunger game winners
Katniss uses the holo self-destruct
feature in order to take out a large
portion of the creatures once out of the
sewers the group is pursued by more
peacekeepers and they hide in the store
owned by tigress a former Hunger Games
stylist who provides them shelter in
disguises President Snow offers the
fleeing capital citizens to take refuge
at his mansion which Katniss and Gale
uses that an opportunity to enter the
mansion as they try to enter the mansion
in disguise
the rebels arrive and begin fighting
with the capital peacekeepers a
hovercraft flies overhead dropping small
parcels into an area with young children
from the capital which detonate killing
all the children a team of rebel medics
rush in to help including Katniss's
sister print however as the group rushes
in to help a second wave of bombs
explodes killing prim and knocking out
Katniss after Katniss recovers she finds
out that the Capitol has been taken over
by the rebels and snow has been captured
Katniss meets with snow where snow
explains that the attack that killed
prim was in fact done by the rebels and
president coin not by the Capitol
Katniss doubts him but snow reminds
Katniss of an earlier promise he made
not to lie to her the scene actually
relates back to a part earlier in the
film where Gale describes a similar
attack of causing a small explosion to
take out a small group then a big group
of people rush in and cause a second
explosion to maximize the casualties
this leads the viewers to think that the
attack could possibly not be caused by
the Capitol but a vicious attack from
the rebels which caused casualties on
both sides this is important to consider
because remember the entire reason
Katniss got involved with the Hunger
Games was protect her sister Prim who
may have just been killed by the rebels
who she was
what Katniss approaches Gale to ask him
if the attack was really orchestrated by
the rebels and in Gale is unable to
assure her that it wasn't from the
rebels Katniss then cuts off all ties
with Gale assuming that the attacker
there was caused by them president coin
celebrates her victory and has the
former Hunger Games winners come to a
meeting where she proposes a new Hunger
Games where the former citizens the
Capitol must send their own children in
to in order to pay for what they did to
the children and the district's they
vote on the idea and Katniss gives the
swing vote in favor in exchange that
Katniss will be able to execute snow
personally at the public execution
instead of killing snow
Katniss shoots and kills coin in revenge
for her sister prims death the rebels
then arrest Katniss while an angry mob
kills snow Katniss is eventually
pardoned for her crime and has returned
to district 12 a new president is
elected
Katniss goes on to eventually marry
Peeta as well as has two children with
him and the film ends as she reflects on
the nightmares of her past thinking on
how there are much worse games to play
to add a quick point of clarification
this film doesn't really end on a happy
note Katniss lost her sister the one who
she was fighting for and has pretty
severe PTSD and trauma from the two
Hunger Games she was in as well as the
rebellion that she bought it while some
found this ending to be a bit too
satisfying it definitely is more
realistic for somebody who has
participated and seen that the
atrocities that Katniss did as well as
having lost the main person that she was
fighting for so that was the spoilers
for the Hunger Games Mockingjay part 2
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on our various forms of social
media listed below and remember to like
and subscribe thanks for watching